Clarify justify-content description (#26598)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/justify-content/index.md

- `space-around`
  - : The items are evenly distributed within the alignment container along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items is the same. The empty space before the first and after the last item equals half of the space between each pair of adjacent items.
- `space-evenly`
  - : The items are evenly distributed within the alignment container along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items, the main-start edge and the first item, and the main-end edge and the last item, are all exactly the same.
- `stretch`
  - : If the combined size of the items along the main axis is less than the size of the alignment container, any `auto`-sized items have their size increased equally (not proportionally), while still respecting the constraints imposed by {{cssxref("max-height")}}/{{cssxref("max-width")}} (or equivalent functionality), so that the combined size exactly fills the alignment container along the main axis.

>     > **Note:** `stretch` is not supported by flexible boxes (flexbox). When applied on a flexbox, it behaves as `flex-start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** While `stretch` is supported by flexible boxes (flexbox), when applied on a flexbox, it behaves as `start`.
```
